Generative Biology Artistical Academic Scientific Search and Research  (GBAASSR) 

ETHICAL MANIFESTO

0. Guidelines

The images must not be used without the backup and explicit authorization of the original authors.

The preceeding phrase, to us, translate in the following, without getting caught in the mistake of linear temporal authorization and inocent public authorization by the part of the original author:

The work (image of) must explicit fit into the project prospects, mainly: Generative Biology Arts Academic Scientific Search and Research for the ends of humanistic software, medicinal, artistical and therapeutical production.

Free of ideological, identital, cultural representation bias. Although it may be a sample representative of any cultural emerging representation, but not chained to this purpose.

The project is under non-comercial license. Although the original authors are, obviously, in charge of make profit of it if they want to. The mainteiner of the project is subject to the former license.

1. Authorization procedure:

1.1.If the image is public and the original author has a self-entitled comunication channel in internet, than he will be asked for authorization.
1.2.If the original author does not make frequent use of the channel, and the image is public available, a notice will be given of the vinculation. Is delegated to the author the will to ask to exclude the image from the project. 
1.3.If the original author hasnt communication channel, the image is public, and it is well known has distributed among any human culture, than it can be used without asking authorization.
1.4.If the image is not made public in the internet but is provided by cultural means and agents, which inhabit with the original author the same cultural space frequently, then the image will be used.
1.5.Is reserved to the original author the rights to ask the exclusion of the image from the project in any case.

2. Fork and Pull request

A new branch of the project must follow explicity all GBAASSR guidelines. Modifications to the license are not authorized.
A new branch developed by a mainteiner authorized by the original author, or that inhabit the same cultural productions circles and acknowledge the originalauthor productions as it is, may follow any guideline including those outside of GBAASSR realm.

3. Images and Names

No names are atributed to the images, although the original authors can ask for it if they want so.

4. Project Integration

This project may be integrated manually or algorithmically with other projects that follow the GBAASSR or original authors guideline. The repository of the rest of the projects must have the same non-commercial license unless an original author asks to do otherwise.

5. Original Author

The one whom made the art or who taked the photo.
